So now is the final step to run the VM and fix any problems.
So we installed the calisthenic 64 bit installer image VM in the previous lecture.
Now let's Boutet and just make sure everything's OK.
I know it will be, don't you?
OK, so we'll log in with the username and password that you set during the insulation.
And welcome back.
All right, so let's take a quick look at the menu of the default Xfinity desktop environment.
And it is here in the upper left hand corner, and these are the default tools of Caleigh.
So first of all, let's open up a terminal screen and switch the user to the router count, then this
way we don't have to write the pseudo command every time.
And look at the IP address assigned by the VM.
So let's ping a remote system, for example, Google DNS 888 patted down eight to check the Internet
connection.
We received the packets, no packet loss, and we have Internet connection now.
So just to double check, I open a Web browser and visit any Web site on the Internet.
And it's OK now.
If you are having problems with an Internet connection, just check the solutions mentioned Calli from
VMware image step three, and that should help you fix a problem.
Now, what about the local area network?
Can the Calli 64 bit VMC, the other systems in the same network, so all paying the Calli VMware machine,
the IP Tutut to.
And here are the packets, so everything's OK, and that means we're ready to back again to double check.
I'll go to the county VMware machine and paying the county 64 bit.
Now, what was the IP of the county 64 bit machine here?
It's one three three.
OK, so now I'll just go to the county VMware machine and ping one three three.
And sure enough, everything is OK.
I love it when everybody talks to each other, Error-free.